Updates to the "Monitoring your own services" section (#22879)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-creating-alerting-rules.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> You cannot create an alerting rule if an alerting rule with the same name exists in another namespace.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this restriction.

Reviewer 2: That is definitely possible. Here, a `namespace` label is enforced.

Author: Changed to "When you create an alerting rule, a namespace label is enforced on it if a rule with the same name exists in another namespace."

----
+
This configuration creates an alerting rule named `example-alert`, which fires an alert when the `version` metric exposed by the sample service becomes `0`.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
For every namespace, you can use metrics of that namespace and cluster metrics, but not metrics of another namespace.

> For example, an alerting rule for `ns1` can have metrics from `ns1` and cluster metrics, such as the CPU and memory metrics. However, it cannot have metrics from `ns2`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, an alerting rule for `ns1` can have metrics from `ns1` and cluster namespaced metrics, such as the CPU and memory metrics. However, the rule cannot include metrics from `ns2`.
```

Author: Committed, but removing "namespaced".

> Additionally, you cannot create alerting rules for the `openshift-*` namespaces, because they are immutable.

Reviewer 2: Maybe a better wording would be:
> Additionally, you cannot create alerting rules for core openshift namespaces (i.e. `openshift-*`).

Reviewer 3: I would even say something like to explain the reason why:
> Out of the box with OpenShift we provide core cluster alerts for OpenShift namespaces, therefor you do not need to create alerting rules based on `openshift-*` namespaces.
